Welcome to this video.
In this video, we will be learning about Jin Jun statements in Java that is continue, break, etc.
So let's get going with examples.
So you can see here's an example which I have added here.
To execute the continuous statement here give.
So we will be checking out the continue statement.
Okay.
So Steve, in the fourth loop there is the iteration said from 0 to 15 and there is a condition inside
that is equal to ten or is equal to equal to twin.
So in both these cases, we added a jump statement that is continue.
That means what it will do, it will keep any or which we are after this line to not execute any code
after this line.
Okay.
It is.
Give this.
So this particular part will not be executed.
See, that's where it will show an error because the code is unreachable.
Right.
You can see it shows it's unreachable because the continuous statement will continue inside the loop.
No.
Okay.
It will not.
If you if we if we execute this now, it will not print number ten and number 12.
Okay.
So let us execute.
Uncheck this.
She is not slowing down, but this is how continual statement is used to jump, right?
To skip some steps and jump.
So yeah.
Let's move on to the big statement.
No.
Of the break statement here.
Get rid of 1 to 3 numbers from is equal to 0 to 10.
Right then is equal to equal to five.
The added a break statement.
Right.
We want don't want to continue the execution or we want to break and come out of it.
Okay.
Then nothing will be printed after the five years.
So let us execute this.
So this and execute this code and check you.
See after five.
It's not printing the numbers because we added break statement.
So in continuing statement, what happened?
It just skip that part.
So when is equal to equal to ten and a is equal to 12?
Was there.
It skipped that, but it continued the execution.
In break statement, it is breaking and coming outside the loop, but it is it will not continue the
execution.
So this is the difference between continue and break.
So the use cases will be also different when to use continue and when to use brick.
Right.
So let's go to return statement for written statement.
Okay.
So for this, I'll be adding another method here.
Inside the glass, which will return some value.
So from main method we have added here to avoid because it is not returning any value.
But I want to use here return statement and I want to return a valid volume value.
So.
I'm writing.
Oh.
Function.
That is some of two numbers.
Okay.
We are passing two numbers here in E, in B.
And we're returning this up.
Okay.
So let's do it.
So some is equal to A-plus B, but it does some.
You.
So we are returning an integer value here and here within threaded.
Okay.
So in.
Addiction.
Equal to.
Let's call this method.
Some do.
And bus values for A and B, who?
Okay.
So it will return the value you give.
If it throws an exception, we need to add a cricket block here to showing that otherwise we can make
it as a static method.
So I'm just changing it to subject matter for now.
And it does bring the value of the sum.
Addiction.
Okay.
So it will.
Sure.
But in the addition of the two numbers.
So let us put on this.
Chalkboard.
Pretty.
See, so these two numbers we are passing to this method, we are calling this method and what it is
returning, it is returning the sum in this variable and we're printing this.
So the task or the purpose of return statement is when we want to return some values in a method, right.
So we have seen continue.
We have seen break and we have seen the return.
Okay.
So do practice with this.
And if you have any questions, you can of course, write that to me.
So thank you for watching.
Let's go to the next one.